Cheng Gui, I'm a senior brother, I won't help you
At Huang Gao, we advocate quality-oriented education.
Isn't it reading dead books?
Different ideas
What about this?
Don't mention it again
Is quality-oriented education too loose?
To train students like Xu Ziliang
Don't waste your time on this kind of person
Xu Ziliang is very talented
It's just a detour
As teachers, we should guide them on the right path
You shouldn't say that about him
I'm leaving now.
senior brother
How dare you accuse me of such a waste?
OK
That's so great!
What is Ryoko thinking?
I was thinking
If we have to study hard
Your grades will go up a bit.
It's all three-minute heat
Believe it or not
I must be admitted to the Mathematical Olympiad class to chase Ge Yue
This is called a talented woman and a natural match
You better not be delusional
I'm doing this for his own good.
Xu Ziliang, why did you hit someone?
He molested you